# UC02 - Register a Service Provider on the application

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. Primary Actor
Service Provider

### 1.2. Stakeholders and interests
Service Provider: Wants to register a new service Provider on the application.

### 1.3. Preconditions
Service Provider is logged into the system.
System is operational.

### 1.4. Success Guarantee
A new service provider is successfully registered on the application.

### 1.5. Main Success Scenario
1. The service provider initiates the registering process.
2. The system prompts the professional to enter his information, including:
      - First name
      - Last name
      - Birth date
      - Gender
      - Phone number
      - Email address
      - Address (Street name, postal code, city and country)
      - NIF
      - Nationality
      - Native language
      - Others languages
      - License Number
      - Profession
      - Category
      - Bank account informations (Bank name, IBAN, Bank account holder name )


3. The service provider provides the necessary information.
4. The system validates the entered data.
5. The service provider confirms the registration.
6. The system records the service provider information and confirms successful registration.

### 1.6. Extensions
*a. The service provider asks to cancel the creation of a new Service Provider.
    1. The use case ends
4a. The system detects invalid data
    1. The system notifies which is the problem
    2. The system allows the correction (step 3)

### 1.7. Special Requirements
* **AC01:** The Service Provider should have the following mandatory attributes: 

   * First name, 
   * Last name, 
   * Birth date, 
   * Gender, 
   * Phone number, 
   * Email address, 
   * Address, 
   * NIF, 
   * Native language, 
   * Other languages, 
   * License Number, 
   * Profession, 
   * Category, 
   * Bank account informations (Bank name, IBAN, Bank account holder name );
  
* **AC02:** Date of Birth must be in a valid format.
* **AC03:** Address should be complete and accurate.
* **AC04:** Phone number must be in a valid format.
* **AC05:** NIF must be in a valid format.
* **AC06:** License number should be valid.
* **AC07:** Bank account informations must be accurate.


