# UC013 - Service Provider checks his reviews

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. Primary Actor
Service Provider

### 1.2. Stakeholders and interests
Service Provider: wants to check my received reviews. 

### 1.3. Preconditions
Only the Service Providers who receive the reviews can see their reviews (ratings and comments) received.

### 1.4. Success Guarantee
The Service Provider sees the evaluations received for them in the system.

### 1.5. Main Success Scenario
1. The Service Provider starts the process of requesting a reviews report.
2. The system asks for the options to filter and sort reviews based on different criteria, such as date, rating, or type of service of the reviews the professional wants to see.
3. The Service Provider fills different criteria available.
4. The system validates and asks for confirmation.
5. The Service Provider confirms.
6. The system displays the report for the selected criteria.

### 1.6. Extensions
*a. The Service Provider asks to cancel the report request in the system.
    1. The use case ends.
4a. The system detects invalid data.
    1. The system notifies which is the problem.
    2. The system allows the correction (1.5 step 3).

### 1.7. Special Requirements
* **AC-01:** There should be a dedicated dashboard or section in the professional's account that displays an overview of received reviews.
* **AC-02:** Each review in the list should provide detailed information, including the reviewer's comments, rating, date, and possibly the service for which the review was given.

